adding sysbox docs - removing buildah (#9188)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/container-runner.adoc

You can see an example link:https://discuss.circleci.com/t/setup-remote-docker-on-container-runner/45629/11?u=sebastian-lerner[on our community forum] of how some users have successfully used kaniko to build a container image.

Another option is to use a tool called link:https://github.com/nestybox/sysbox[Sysbox] which must first be link:https://github.com/nestybox/sysbox/blob/master/docs/user-guide/install-k8s.md[installed on your Kuberenetes cluster]. 

> Once installed, update the container-agent <<#resource-class-configuration-custom-pod,resource class configuration>> and apply the changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, update the container-agent <<resource-class-configuration-custom-pod,resource class configuration>> and apply the changes:
```

```yaml
resourceClasses:
 <namespace>/<resourceClass>:
  token: <token>

>   metadata:

Reviewer: <img width="925" alt="Screenshot 2025-01-23 at 16 38 02" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b11831f0-58ae-4d1f-8a22-49caf407d4ea" />
 Is this indentation correct?

Author: yes it is!

    annotations:
      io.kubernetes.cri-o.userns-mode: "auto:size=65536"
  spec:
    runtimeClassName: sysbox-runc
    ...
```

> With sysbox installed and the runtime class updated in your container-agent resource class configuration, you may now use Sysbox in your `.circleci/config.yml` syntax. example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With sysbox installed and the runtime class updated in your container-agent resource class configuration, you may now use Sysbox in your CircleCI config, for example:
```

resourceClasses:
 <namespace>/<resourceClass>:
  token: <token>
  metadata:
    annotations:
      io.kubernetes.cri-o.userns-mode: "auto:size=65536"
  spec:
    runtimeClassName: sysbox-runc
    ...
```

With sysbox installed and the runtime class updated in your container-agent resource class configuration, you may now use Sysbox in your `.circleci/config.yml` syntax. example:

```yaml
docker:
  - image: registry.nestybox.com/nestybox/ubuntu-bionic-systemd-docker
    entrypoint: ["dockerd"]
    command: ["--host=unix:///var/run/docker.sock"]
```

[#limitations]
== Limitations

* Any known <<runner-overview#limitations,limitation>> for the existing self-hosted runner will continue to be a limitation of container agent.
* Only Kubernetes container environments are supported at this time.
* <<building-docker-images#,`setup_remote_docker`>> as a command is not supported with container runner.  See <<#building-container-images,Building Container Images>>.
* `aws_auth.oidc_role_arn` is not supported on the container runner. You can set up AWS authentication using the `aws_auth` field. More information can be found in the xref:configuration-reference#oidc[Configuration Reference].

> * Sysbox requires an Ubuntu based image with Containerd.

Reviewer 2: Is there documentation on this? I wasn't aware of Sysbox _requiring_ an Ubuntu-based image.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/nestybox/sysbox?tab=readme-ov-file#using-sysbox

> You can choose whatever container image you want, Sysbox places no requirements on the image.

Reviewer 3: :wisdomdog:

Reviewer 2: That said, for the purposes of DinD and other system-level stuff, we should document that.

Author: @christian-stephen here: https://github.com/nestybox/sysbox/blob/master/docs/user-guide/install-k8s.md#kubernetes-worker-node-requirements
it lists ubuntu as a requirement for k8s worker nodes, but I do see in other sections where it seems to imply that it should work everywhere. still above this section in the same doc they basically only tested on ubuntu to.

Author: done!

Reviewer 2: Thanks!
